At KPMG, you’ll join a team of diverse and dedicated problem solvers, connected by a common cause turning insight into opportunity for clients and communities around the world.

As a Security Program Support Intern, you will support day‑to‑day activities within the CISO Office and the Digital Security Group. The role provides hands‑on exposure to security operations, compliance tracking, reporting, project coordination and cybersecurity awareness initiatives. You’ll work alongside experienced security professionals, assist with routine security tasks, and collaborate with other ITS and security teams across the organization.

This internship is designed to help you build foundational skills in information security, gain experience working in an enterprise environment, and learn how cybersecurity programs operate in practice.

The Support Intern will be a member of the Digital Security Group at KPMG and work under the supervision of the Senior Manager in the CISO Office.

What You Will Do

Support the CISO Office with day-to-day security program activities and ad hoc tasks
Collaborate with Digital Security Group (DSG), DevSecOps, and other ITS teams to coordinate, track, and follow up on key security initiatives, priorities, and compliance activities
Assist with project coordination by scheduling and organizing meetings, preparing agendas, capturing meeting notes, action items, owners, and next steps
Follow up with internal teams and external vendors on assigned tasks to support timely progress and delivery
Maintain project trackers, task lists, and status logs to support visibility into ongoing work, dependencies, and risks
Help track remediation activities for security and compliance findings using global compliance dashboards
Contribute to the creation of cybersecurity awareness and education materials.
Performs other security duties, when required
Help support basic automation initiatives for security-related processes
Perform other security-related duties as assigned

What You Bring To The Role

Currently enrolled in a university or college program related to Information Technology, Computer Science, Project Management or a related field 
Strong organizational and time‑management skills, with the ability to track multiple tasks and follow through on commitments
Ability to collaborate effectively with team members across security and ITS functions 
Proactive, organized, and self‑motivated, with a willingness to learn and take initiative 
Strong written and verbal communication skills, with attention to detail 
Foundational understanding of common cybersecurity challenges faced by organizations (e.g., phishing, data protection, cyber awareness, etc.)

KPMG Ontario Region Pay Range Information

The expected base salary range for this position is $43,500 to $60,000 and may be eligible for bonus awards. The determination of an applicant’s base salary within this range is based on the individual’s location, skills & competencies, and unique qualifications. In addition, KPMG offers a comprehensive and competitive Total Rewards program.

Providing you with the support you need to be at your best

Our Values, The KPMG Way

Integrity, we do what is right | Excellence, we never stop learning and improving | Courage, we think and act boldly | Together, we respect each other and draw strength from our differences | For Better, we do what matters

KPMG in Canada is a proud equal opportunities employer and we are committed to creating a respectful, inclusive and barrier-free workplace that allows all of our people to reach their full potential. A diverse workforce is key to our success and we believe in bringing your whole self to work. We welcome all qualified candidates to apply and hope you will choose KPMG in Canada as your employer of choice.

Adjustments and accommodations throughout the recruitment process

At KPMG, we are committed to fostering an inclusive recruitment process where all candidates can be themselves and excel. We aim to provide a positive experience and are prepared to offer adjustments or accommodations to help you perform at your best. Adjustments (informal requests), such as extra preparation time or the option for micro breaks during interviews, and accommodations (formal requests), such as accessible communication supports or technology aids, are tailored to individual needs and role requirements. You will have an opportunity to request an adjustment or accommodation at any point throughout the recruitment process. If you require support, please contact KPMG’s Employee Relations Service team by calling 1-888-466-4778.

AI Usage

We embrace the use of artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance the candidate experience and streamline our recruitment processes. AI tools may help with organizing applications or surfacing relevant qualifications. However, no hiring decisions are made using AI. Every hiring decision is made by our hiring managers and recruitment professionals, who are equipped with training that empowers them to use these tools responsibly. AI technologies used in our recruitment process undergo detailed risk assessments, including security and privacy requirements, that align with KPMG’s Trusted AI framework.

We believe technology should empower human judgment, not replace it. It’s one of the many ways we’re delivering on our vision of being a technology-first, people-driven firm.
